SocialTrails Demo
============================

Description
-----------

This is a simple console application seeks to demonstrate how to 

* Authenticate with Twitter REST API using Spring.NET Application Framework Social Extensions.
* Use SlowCheetah to do App.config transformations.
* Setup RavenDb Embedded for data storage.
* Leverage Spring.NET Application Framework Social Twitter Extensions to simply and quickly pull tweets in chunks of 200 and persisting the data in RavenDB.

This is based on [blog]().

Assumptions
-------

* Familar with VS 2012
* Familar Nuget Package Manager Console
* Familar with Twitter
* Own a Twitter Account or can create a twitter account
* Using Locally Hosted RavenDB in IIS or Embeded mode

Requirements
-------

* VisualStudio 2012 +
* NuGet
* Spring.NET Social Twitter Extensions
* RavenDb
* Visual Studio Extension [SlowCheetah - XML Transforms](http://t.co/rtZChVnr0o)
* Twitter Account
* Twitter Application Tokens ( will generate )

Demo Branch
-------

The demo branch contains individual commits, each introducing more functionality of the system.  You can pull down the entire demo branch or take master and walk through the [blog]() 
while comparing to the demo branch changes.

Important note: to get the App.Config transforms to work you will need to do the following:

1. Open VS 2012
2. Install Visual Studio Extension [SlowCheetah - XML Transforms](http://t.co/rtZChVnr0o) 
3. Requires a VS 2012 restart
4. Open SocialTrailsDemo
5. Right click on App.config
6. Select "Add Transform" menu item to create a Debug and Release transform for the App.config file.
7. Add the below code to App.Debug.config and App.Release.config files.
8. Add the twitter keys as necessary for authentication.

		<appSettings>
			<add key="twitterConsumerKey" value="AddKey" xdt:Transform="SetAttributes" xdt:Locator="Match(key)"/>  
			<add key="twitterConsumerSecret" value="AddSecret" xdt:Transform="SetAttributes" xdt:Locator="Match(key)"/>
			<add key="twitterOAuthAccessToken" value="AddToken" xdt:Transform="SetAttributes" xdt:Locator="Match(key)"/>
			<add key="twitterOAuthAccessTokenSecret" value="AddTokenSecret" xdt:Transform="SetAttributes" xdt:Locator="Match(key)"/>
		</appSettings>

Support
-------

Create an issue here on GitHub, send me a message or fork the project and send me a pull request.

Open Source License
-------------------

Glimpse for StructureMap is free software distributed under the [Apache License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
